I already said it
My strength is beyond your imagination.
What should Li Shao do now?
It doesn't matter, the live broadcast industry
All we have to do is fight with one breath
This is how to make the list
The same goes for us as bosses
As long as I work hard to get the first place
Then the others have no friends.
Li Shao
You don't want to sell your assets to play this with me, do you?
Hahahaha, I advise you to forget it.
Your little pond
Even if it is rainwater accumulated for ten years
It can't compare to the vast ocean like me
The more you say this
The more I let you take a good look
20 billion is already a drain on your family's wealth.
Butler Zhou
Sell ​​all the property of my Li family as collateral
Then I gave all the money to Dingfeng Media
Wang Shiyu is now Li Ke
Li Shao
You are really generous.
Did Ling Feng see it?
This is the strength of the four young masters of Beijing
Today we are Dingfeng Media
I want you to lose until you have nothing left even your underwear